OpenAccess_EPUB is a program for converting OpenAccess Academic Journal
articles into the ePub format. There are reasons why this is important:

* Accessibility: ebooks are a friendlier format for those with visual and
reading disabilities.

* Portability: ebooks work on many platforms where static text documents such
as PDFs don't perform as well.

* Hypertextuality: ebooks and hypertext go well together.

This program is currently being developed for PLoS and Frontiers and is meant
to be easily extensible to add support for further publishers in the future.
For a prototype version that works fairly reliably on PLoS articles, see the
downloads page at:
https://github.com/SavinaRoja/OpenAccess_EPUB/downloads
for version 0.1.0.

Getting Started
---------------
Nicer documentation for users wishing to use the program is on the wiki:
https://github.com/SavinaRoja/OpenAccess_EPUB/wiki

I will assume you have Python installed, if not visit the above-mentioned wiki
for more information. To begin using it, download the source code, unzip it,
and then within a command-line (command-prompt, console), navigate to the base
directory of the package (it will have a setup.py file in it). In linux, enter:

sudo python setup.py install

For Mac and Windows, enter:

python setup.py install

Windows systems may require additional configuration (see the wiki). Now you
may begin to use the program by typing "oaepub" at the command-line. The basic
input for the program is always an XML file for the article you wish to
convert. One way to find this is the side bar of any Frontiers or PLoS article
web page. After downloading it, navigate by command-line to that directory and
try:

oaepub -i your-xml-file.xml

It should generate the ePub file in a new subdirectory called "output". There
are many options for configuration, which you may explore or visit the wiki to
read more about them.

How to Contribute
-----------------
If you would like to contribute to the project, there are many ways to do so. 
If you know Python and would like to assist in development, contact me and we 
can discuss how you may help. Feedback regarding bugs, presentation, formatting,
and accessibility are all quite valuable.

Author
------
Paul Barton (SavinaRoja)
